雅思的P1部分要说足15秒，P3部分至少要说足25-30秒，最好都要说到考官叫停你为止，否则会被扣分。其实雅思口语考试考的是口语而不是逻辑，所以我如果实在无话可说的时候，就举自己的例子。
在考试的评判中其实流利度是占第一位的。所以我想说，大家不要因为要使用一些高难度的语法啊之类的，而影响自己的表达流利性。而且如果卡壳了的话尽量也不要额。。啊。。这样说，可以用一些比较自然的话来过渡，比如说，you know,I mean之类的，这样总比说不出来好。而且，如果自己如果意识到自己之前说错了，比如时态是过去时说成了现在进行时，不要再去纠正自己所说的，直接说下去就好了！ 

关于模板的问题，个人觉得你可以用一些高级的模板，但是你的正文材料必须表现出同样高级的东西出来，否则的话，用高级模板反而会引起考官的方案。其实我觉得作文的一些词汇也用不着及其高级，但是要让考官看到你的明确的思路在里面。个人建议可以准备几个万能句式，比如说我自己就一直喜欢用一个句式，一个虚拟语气的句式 if.....it had such merits, would there be no meaning to do XXX? By no means(从上面的范文里学来的），有时我不需要你有很多这种句子，一两句一两句足以令考官对你刮目相看了。 

Leek  韭菜
Mutton羊肉
Lamb, hogget, and mutton are the meat of domestic sheep at different ages. Less’ than one year Lamb, Adult Mutton, juvenile hogget

Mussel, 黑色蚌壳
Muzzle：gray hound带的projecting part of the face, including the nose and mouth, of an animal such as a dog or horse，类似mask
Later 后来
Lateral侧面
Grim 冷酷的
Grin 咧嘴笑
Spay取掉卵巢
Neuter阉割
Castrate阉割
emasculate阉割，使中性

Nibble 小口咬
Devour 狼吞虎咽
Savor 品味，品尝
Relish品味
Whisker胡须
Sprinkler喷水嘴
Nozzle: Fuel Spray Nozzle
Great
Grate壁炉
Kin
Kindred

Accord
discord

Brood：一窝
Litter: 乱扔；一窝

Fling 短暂的快乐；用力掷

Ponderous：沉闷的，笨重的

Antagonism: 敌对
Exasperate：激怒
Goad: 刺棒 类似Spur, 2. provoke or annoy (someone) so as to stimulate some action or reaction.

Swerve：突然转向

Indigenous：土生土长的
aboriginal
indignant：feeling or showing anger or annoyance at what is perceived as unfair treatment. European Leaders are indignant and defiant over Trump 受到侮辱而愤怒，挑战Trump
Archaic, Outdated, obsolete, out of date
Expedient: convenient and practical, although possibly improper or immoral. 'Do what is fulfilling, not expedient'  

Magnanimous：very generous or forgiving, especially toward a rival or someone less powerful than oneself.

Delinquency: minor crime, especially that committed by young people.

Frantic:　 wild or distraught with fear, anxiety.

Blot: the treatment of its women is a blot on Indian’s reputation 污点

Tremble
Quiver

Ravage
Raze
ruinous

Merry-go-round, Carousel 旋转木马

Uncalled for, superfluous

Versed, versatile

Imminent peril, imperative

Scrape, scrap

Cover -> covert, overt

Slimmer, sparkle star

Poise: calm, confident manner  

Sterilize 消毒 Sanitize， disinfect

Scrupulous, Meticulous

